It turned out to be makeup among the three evil men
No wonder you can cover the palm I left behind
The powder on this face
Must be two catties
Xiao Fan, where are you looking?
It's a pity that now you can see
You look so unconvinced
But it's useless to be unconvinced
Too bad it's not your girlfriend anymore
He is Sun Shao's girlfriend
What are you compared to Sun Shaolai?
He's a fart
Xiangfan, you are just a small security guard
How dare you speak out?
It's just lawlessness.
You are nothing
Don't you dare curse
Mouth is so smelly
No wonder Kejin left you, I don't worry about you to death
Not even you
How dare you hit me!
Who do you think you are?
Dare to push Lai Lai again
Believe it or not, I'll beat you to death.
Kexin, you have to make the decision for me?
Don't be familiar with this trash
What are you doing?